Question

Complete the implementation of your Wiki encyclopedia. You must fulfill the following requirements:

New Page: Clicking “Create New Page” in the sidebar should take the user to a page where they can create a new encyclopedia entry.
Users should be able to enter a title for the page and, in a textarea, should be able to enter the Markdown content for the page.
Users should be able to click a button to save their new page.
When the page is saved, if an encyclopedia entry already exists with the provided title, the user should be presented with an error message.
Otherwise, the encyclopedia entry should be saved to disk, and the user should be taken to the new entry’s page.
Edit Page: On each entry page, the user should be able to click a link to be taken to a page where the user can edit that entry’s Markdown content in a textarea.
The textarea should be pre-populated with the existing Markdown content of the page. (i.e., the existing content should be the initial value of the textarea).
The user should be able to click a button to save the changes made to the entry.
Once the entry is saved, the user should be redirected back to that entry’s page.

Markdown to HTML Conversion: On each entry’s page, any Markdown content in the entry file should be converted to HTML before being displayed to the user. You may use the python-markdown2 package to perform this conversion, installable via pip3 install markdown2.
Challenge for those more comfortable: If you’re feeling more comfortable, try implementing the Markdown to HTML conversion without using any external libraries, supporting headings, boldface text, unordered lists, links, and paragraphs. You may find using regular expressions in Python helpful.
Hints
By default, when substituting a value in a Django template, Django HTML-escapes the value to avoid outputting unintended HTML. If you want to allow for an HTML string to be outputted, you can do so with the safe filter (as by adding |safe after the variable name you’re substituting).